I'm here today to describe the extreme
series of rackets for head we have three
rackets in this series the first model
is the extreme mitt Plus actually more
accurate it called the IG extreme that
plus IG refers to in Agra which is the
new technology that we have in this
racket and the Integra is that
lightweight material very very
lightweight strong material also used in
Formula One race cars and as chief
benefit is increased stability and very
effective and dampening shock and
vibration the Integra is layered with
the carbon fibers in the hoop of the
racket down through the shaft area and
the other key technology in these
rackets is the d3o which is the smart
material and that is the material that
actually adjusts to the nature of your
shot so for example if you hit a very
aggressive shot the molecules of that
smart material or d3o bind together in
the throat area stiffening up giving you
more power on the other hand if you're
hitting a softer shot like a drop shot
volley or something of that effect that
you want maximum touch and feel then you
will get that as a response the rackets
come in two three head sizes actually
three sizes you have a racket called the
demit Plus which is our top seller in
this line this is a hundred square inch
head has the 16 19 string pattern again
that's a little more open string pattern
sixteen mains 19 crosses so this racket
is designed for players who are looking
for more spin and a little bit extra
power the other version of the mitt Plus
same head size I'm sorry first of all
the weight of this is ten point six
ounces unstrung weights
the heavier version of the same racket
same head size is 11
point 1 ounces I'm strong weight and
otherwise the dimensions are the same so
far a player who is looking for a little
bit more weight the 11.1 ounces probably
be the one for them and in fact we have
several pros on the tour using this
version on the men's side even Luba
Cheech and Richard Gasquet on the
women's side we have Victoria Azarenka
Lana Kuznetsova that both use the
heavier version of this racquet and then
the third racquet in this line is the
new extreme oversized this is the first
introduction of this size this year in
2011 slightly bigger head and lighter
and weight it's nine point nine ounces
unstrung weight and the head size is a
105 this is really a racquet but
particularly designed well for a very
good club level player who wants a
little bit lighter weight and a little
bit more forgiving racquet so in
summation the extreme racquets are
designed for the player looking for more
spin a little bit more power they are
still blackest again designed for more
advanced players or a very good club
level players and these racks will take
your game to the next level